Update registries-and-packs.md (#1543)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/registries-and-packs/registries-and-packs.md

# Packs

> A **Cluster Profile** is made up of layers, each of which is created using a pack.  In other words, **Packs** are the building block of a cluster profile to create layers such as operating systems, Kubernetes, network, storage, and add-ons. Packs can be broadly categorized into two types:

Reviewer: I suggest omitting the second sentence that starts "In other words...". The first sentence says it clearly, and the definition of Infrastructure packs is below.

- **Infrastructure** packs - These packs are used to create the core infrastructure layers required to provision a Kubernetes cluster. These packs include the operating system, Kubernetes, the container network interface (CNI), and the container storage interface (CSI) specifications.  Spectro Cloud builds and maintains these infrastructure packs for updates. 

- **Add-on** packs - These packs are used to form the integrations and application layers that exist on top of the infrastructure layers. Examples of applications are system, authentication, security, monitoring, logging, ingress, load balancer, service mesh, or helm charts. 

> Both the infrastructure and add-on packs described above are configurable, and you can define new add-on custom packs from scratch as well. The use case for defining new add-on packs is to have desired consistent governance across your profile deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the infrastructure and add-on packs described above are configurable, and you can define new add-on custom packs from scratch as well. The use case for defining new add-on packs is to drive consistency across your profile deployments. 
```

  

## Pack Structure

> Palette provides a rich collection of out-of-the-box packs for various integrations and also offers extensibility through custom-built packs. To configure an existing pack (infrastructure or add-on) or to define a new add-on custom pack from scratch, it is essential to understand the pack structure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette provides a rich collection of out-of-the-box packs for various integrations and also offers extensibility through custom-built packs. To configure an existing infrastructure or add-on pack or to define a new add-on custom pack, it is essential to understand the pack structure. 
```

Reviewer: Avoids parenthetical content.
